Hahaha
Dad, what makes you so happy?
Next month, Xiaodao and the girl from the Sun family will be heavy
Get ready for the new wedding
Our Chen family
All the people went to Binhai for the wedding
Dad, you are not in good health
I just went to Binhai two days ago
It was a mystery at the wedding
How can this body stand such tossing and turning?
Our Chen family
Sorry, knife.
For so many years, he suffered alone outside
What you said is hey
I also know that my body is getting worse day by day
I've been hesitating lately
Is this position of the head of the Chen family for you?
Or a knife?
What do you mean?
This wife is dead
Obviously want to give the location of the home to the knife
And asked us once hypocritically
Haha, I know what you say.
Actually, a knife.
It's your own flesh and blood
Let him show it to me, it's the same
You're right actually.
I want to retire now.
Quickly report my great-grandson and good father
Then you have a good rest
I'm going out and getting ready not to give up
This old man is simply too biased
This is clearly to let Chen Xiaogang enter the city
The position of the head of the Chen family
IF
If this family is really called God Xiaodang
Our mother and son really have no live meat
Oh, the surname is Chen, then say something.
I really want to hand over this patriarch to Chen Xiaodao
We really have no way out
Don't worry.
I will not let Chen Xiaodao inherit the position of head of the family